# code_louisville

The project is meant to be a simple budget app for my wife and I to use personally.  My idea is that this is the front end and I'll add the backend during the 2nd Code Louisville.  The site consists of 3 pages: "Budget", "admin", and "Rules".  The Budget page allows dollar amount input and shows historical data.  The Admin is planned to allow input of a monthly budget and allow changing/adding of custom spending categories.  The "Rules" page will offer an explanation of how to use the site.  The Admin and Rules pages are simply planned for the future and are currently empty.  

The budget page is the main page to be graded for the project.  It consists of a number pad meant for transaction value input, a list of categories for those transactions, and some historical spending and budget data tables.  The tables and category inputs are currently hardcoded and nonresponsive.  They exists as placeholders/templates for future additions.  The number pad is responsive.  It displays a hardcoded budget value of $1500.  As you click any of the number buttons, the display will update in real time.  If you press the "Squander" button, the value you typed in be removed from the initial 1500 value.  If you press the "C" button, the value you're typing will be cleared and the display will return to current budget value.

The site focuses on transaction/category input for small screens such as phones.  The number pad is the main focus to make transaction input as quick and easy as possible.  The small view also includes a transactional history table as that is also important to access easily, but that is not the main focus so it remains at the bottom.  As you move up to medium and large screens such as iPads and other tablets, additional tables are included since the larger screen can accommodate more information.  The main focus, however, is still quick easy access to the number pad and categories for transaction input.  As you move up to extra large screens such as desktops or laptops, the data shifts to become the main focus.  Transaction input is more suited for mobile devices.  Data intepretation and budget planning would be the main purpose of the app when viewed from an XL screen.  